Update README.md (#5)
arkworks-rs/.github: profile/README.md

* [Talk at Real World Crypto](https://youtu.be/Bz2KN_h3VKM?t=90) providing an overview of the `arkworks` ecosystem.
* [Tutorial for R1CS programming](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/r1cs-tutorial/) using the `ark-relations`, `ark-r1cs-std`, and `ark-crypto-primitives` crates.

> * Quick introduction consists of following crates README: [finite fields](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ff/README.md), [elliptic curves and pairings](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ec/README.md), and [serialization](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/serialize/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quick introduction to using `arkworks`' algebra infrastructure:
    * [finite fields](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ff/README.md), 
    * [elliptic curves and pairings](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ec/README.md), and 
    * [serialization](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/serialize/README.md).
```
